# CFD-post-process

This repository was created to post-process the CFD (Computational Fluid Dynamics) files. Detailed documentation regarding the methodology and the post-processing can be found in the `docs/` folder. Raw data files can be downloaded from [here](https://nextcloud.sztaki.hu/apps/files/?dir=/AIMotionLab/CFD/archived_CFD_files_WeinhardtAdam/Lookup%20tables/data_original&fileid=747365), while the final, processed files from [here](https://nextcloud.sztaki.hu/apps/files/?dir=/AIMotionLab/CFD/archived_CFD_files_WeinhardtAdam/Lookup%20tables/data_final&fileid=747366).


### Data folders:
The files contains the exported dynamic pressure from the mesh. The data (.csv) contains the x,y, z position of the nodes and the corresponding dynamic pressure value and a node number.

1. data_original: Contains the originally exported dynamic pressure file for a single rotor simulation and for the simulation with a 45deg gravity angle.
Furthermore the corresponding Thrust force (timeseries) data files.
2. data_final: Contains the post-processed dynamic pressure files.

### Process scripts:
For visualization and to help the implementation of the flow for the MuJoCo physics engine.

1. data_process.py: Creating a processed dynamic pressure file (.csv). Rounding the position values, offset the position values and sort them.
2. build_4rotor_data.py: Building a data set which imitate a flow generated by 4 rotors. The flow values from the original 1 rotor simulation but the values was shifted by the geometry of the Bumbleblee quadrotor. The data can be build in a way that the rotors affect each other flow or don't. 
3. data_interpolation.py: During the process the data files can lose some value, this file reshapes them to have the correct form.
### Visualization:
1. pressure_heat_map.py: Visualize the dynamic pressure values of the flow in the x-y and the z-y plane with an adjustable z and x plane value, respectively.
2. thurst_force.py: To plot the time series of the thrust force.
